chairperson
The recent data performance is not bad
You two competing managers have been
It's been a while.
Recently, the board of directors will thoroughly determine
You two have to behave well
I will perform well
Ah chairperson
I think it's still Minister Fang
Quit this election
I'm afraid he will affect my work.
What do you mean?
Stop pretending
The whole company knows it
Your marriage to Xiao Xu is in trouble
This woman
It is easiest to be influenced by emotions
I'm really good for you.
Don't worry about Supervisor Wang.
I'll solve it myself
Daoist Wang Supervisor
There don't seem to be many talents in your department, do you?
We provide products.
nonsense
The project of Dezhou Commercial Bank is supported by our department
You just hit
I also talked about the customers of Guangzhou Commercial Bank.
Seven seven eight eight for you
The facts are in front of you
Chairperson, don't listen to his nonsense
I did these two projects on my own.
Okay.
Stop arguing, both of you.
Previous projects
It was done by your two departments together
Everybody does.
This time I'll separate you.
Who did it well?
Who will do the manager?
Ah wife Xu Deyu
What are you doing here?
OK
Minister Wang, I want to talk to my wife, Lao Wang
Aren't you both about to get a divorce?
Come, come, come
Xiao Xu, the most important thing for this man is his career
Can you put women's affairs aside for now?
Get the business up first
Think about it.
If An Tong wins, I'll be the general manager
Then you will be in front of him in the future
But I can never lift my head